---
layout: post
title:  "Musings 3: Diversity"
date:   2017-08-05 17:34:00
categories: blog
---
<p><li>When it comes to today's colleges, their love fo "fostering diversity" is truly deceitful and misleading. We should call them for what they truly are. Diversity in college is simply a form of reverse racism, where you value/devalue students based on the color of their skin (or gender). Asian students benefit the least in terms of college entrance. Blacks and Hispanics benefit the most. It's affirmative action based on your phenotype, and this would be the very type of bias, whether well-intentioned or not, Dr. Martin Luther King surely would have been against. What did Dr. King say? "I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character." He would be turning in his grave, if he saw what was going on in college campuses' crazy wave of intersectionality and pseudo-diversity. Call a spade a spade. Diversity on campus is an action based on race, and it fits the very description of racism. Try diversity of thought for a change.</li></p>
<p><li>Maajid Nawaz has famously coined the phrase "bigotry of low expectations." I think the same could be applied in this situation. If you think black or Hispanic students should be treated differently (again identifying with the color of their skins) because they typically perform worse than white and Asian students on standardized tests (or general qualification for college acceptance), this is a form of bigotted low expectation. If you want black and Hispanic students should perform better, we must talk about cultural differences in emphasis in education.</p></li>
<p><li>If a form of affirmative action must stay, I fully support an alternate solution based purely on financial background (for college entrance for students). Kids are dependent on their families for support, and finanical stability of the parents is simply a luck of the dice. Kids are of low-income background are often not given opportunities/exposures to better education or experiences in life. Additionally, none of this based on the color of your phenotype.</li></p>
<p><li>In this very well written <a href="https://aeon.co/essays/why-religious-identities-are-not-immune-to-robust-criticism">article</a> by professor of philosophy, Paul Russell at University of British Columbia, he makes a distinction between religious identity and human identity (which are phenotypes such as race, gender, sexual orientation that you have no control over).</li></p> This is highly relevant to the above point and is a must-read. It all goes in hand with the theme of regressive left intersectionality madness.</li></p>
<p><li>I truly believe that we have made so much progress in social acceptance in the last couple decades, and we've been spoiled, living amongst the world's priviliged top 1% (that would be America, in case it wasn't clear), that we are becoming blind to the order of priority of human rights. As described by Russell's paper, we find criticsim of religions to be offensive hate speech, while the theocrats themselves advocate for oppression and practice hate. As Dave Rubin once said, we have become so tolerant that we have become tolerant of the intolerant. Hopefully, I can write more on this topic soon.</p></li>
