---
layout: post
title:  "Musings 4: North Korean and UN Sanctions"
date:   2017-08-06 08:32:00
categories: blog
---
<p><li><a href = "https://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-un-idUSKBN1AL0NU">The United Nations Security Council (including China) voted to pass on new sanctions for North Korea</a> yesterday in the midst of this nuclear missle craziness. While the sanctions that dent the already poor North Korean economy sounds nice, I'm skeptical of it. I'm afraid this would hurt the poor and oppressed North Korean <i>civilians</i>, more so than the true criminal in power, Kim Jung Un.</p></li> 
<p>Historically speaking, sanctions are nothing new for the North. They've dealt with it since the nation's inception. It's called a hermit kingdom for a reason. They mostly rely on their own land to support itself, of course with exceptions being the trades with fellow dictator enabling nation, China. The natural corollary of that is if something were to happen to its essential natural resources (i.e. rice), the nation is in trouble. This is what happened during the <a href = "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Korean_famine">90's famine</a> and resulted in possbiliy more than 3 million deaths. To save the North Koreans from starving themselves to death, what followed was the weasel trade policy with the South called, <a href= "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunshine_Policy">Sunshine Policy</a>. And to no one's surprise, during all this time of economic hardship, Kim Jung Il was perfectly fine and plump, living off of the little resources North Koreans scrapped for him. The people took the biggest hit. Not the communist regime.</p>
<p><a href="http://www.newsweek.com/north-korea-starving-nuclear-missiles-641188">North Korea is facing the famine once again</a>, this time under the leadership of even (to put it nicely) nuttier son, Kim Jung Un. This is bad news for the already starving people of North Korea. They have a dictator who doesn't care if the civilians starve or not and instead using up the only resources they have on building internalcontinental ballistic missiles. I'm afraid the recent UN sanctions will make the matter worse for just the North Korean people. The only fat kid in the entire nation will be fine in his palace, building his toy missiles.</p>
<p>So what is the solution? My proposal is pretty simple. Removal of the leadership in the fastest and the swiftest way possible with the support of China. In terms of the actual assasination, there is no reason the SEAL team can handle this. Removal of Kim Jung Un is the only road to peace and liberation of the dying North Koreans. Say what you will about people dying in the processs, but pacifism does not lead to peace (even Peter Singer said so!). The United States has the world's most highly trained troops sitting in standby for this purpose. But the key to a swift, forceful removal of the communist regime lies in the blessing from China. China is the only ally of North Korea since the inception of the nation in 1948. It has been the truly bad actor in enabling the Kim dynasty. If Xi Jingping wants to portray the image that they don't want nulcear proliferation as he does these days, then they he must truly act on it. Xi Jingping and the rest of the Chinese Communist party's contribution of to North Korea is undeniable. And these days, they are pretending as if they don't want nuclear proliferation and continued rise of the North. If that is truly so, they must help the U.S. (if we were to take on this global responsibility), fix this problem. For those triggered, this is not a call for nation building, imperialism, or petty war with economic gain in sight. This is a humanitarian effort that must be pursued before more North Koreans starve to death. And there is only one nation that stands in our way, and that is the sole ally China. Unless we have their approval, the people of North Korea will continue to live and die in the fear of the Big Brother.</p>

</li>

