---
layout: post
title:  "Musings 1: Theistic Reasoning vs. Scientific Reasoning"
date:   2017-07-31 10:01:00
categories: blog
---
<p><li>Suppose you're teaching a math class, and you give a problem for students to solve. Students are expected to show all work for their calculations. In solving the problem, one student demonstrates lack of rudimentary understanding of algebra. There are endless number of mistakes in his work, and yet somehow he concludes with the correct answer. Another student demonstrates his thorough foundational knowledge in algebra by carefully showing work line by line, but a mistake in computation costs him the answer. Whose work should be credited as valid? In academia, there wouldn't be a question as to whose work should be accepted as true or not. This is the difference between theisitic reasoning vs. scientific reasoning. Of course I'm not saying that the theists even have the conclusion correct. So technically, thei work is wrong and the final solution most likely would be wrong as well. </li></p>  

<p><li>I'm hesistant with acitivism in general. I worry about the slightest chance that I choose the wrong side of the history. Conviction should be hard to come by. A thorough examination of facts and conclusive choice of action are no trivial tasks. I also make sure no personal or emotional biases are involved in decision making for the very same reason from earlier. That's why it's hard to watch impassioned young students, whose sincerety I don't doubt, run around in mass-hysteria politcal activism. Mass hysteria is a real social phenomenon.</li></p> 

<p><li>Postmodernism contributes to conflation of emotions with facts, and thus makes the politcal activism more temperamental than it was originally intended to be.</li></p>
